[AI]
Takeo puts everyone else first
before himself...
It's like all he really
wants is to make those
that are around him happy.
AHHHH!
That may be the first time I've
ever screamed in my entire life.
You okay?
I'm fine...
I'm home.
(Takeo's mom screams)
My old, beat-up,
plastic umbrella wouldn't
have kept her dry anyway.
Maybe it was for the best.
(Ringing)
[RINKO]
Takeo?
Yeah?
Thanks for coming
by the shop today!
Uh-huh.
[RINKO]
Oh yeah, were you out in
downtown later in the evening?
I could've sworn I saw you.
It must've been
your imagination.
Okay. Yeah,
I guess so...
Maybe it's because I've been
wanting to see you so much.
So, what are you doing
the day after tomorrow?
I don't have to work
that day, so I was thinking
that we could go out.
We haven't been able to see
enough of each other lately.
I know, right?
(Giggle)
I want to see you so bad
I'm going coocoo.
Ms. Yamato...
I want to see you, too.
I love her.
Thanks for coming!
See you soon!
Well, I'm glad to see
that you seem to really
like working here.
Uh-huh, I really do!
I just love being surrounded
by cakes all day long.
And well, I've been
learning a lot too.
I've learned how difficult it
can be, and how hard you have to
work at it to get it right.
[ICHINOSE]
Rinko, I need to talk to you
about the competition.
Yes?!
Since we're off tomorrow
I was thinking
we could get together
to brainstorm some ideas.
I could really use your help.
Um, well, uh...
Tomorrow, huh...
Please! My entire career
might be riding on this!
(Sigh)
To the sea or the mountains.
Where should I take her?
(Phone rings)
Huh?
Hey, Ms. Yamato!
Tomorrow is gonna be-
[RINKO]
Takeo, I'm so sorry!
I can't go out tomorrow.
I know I was the one that
brought it up and everything.
What happened?
Ichinose, the guy from work,
is entering a big competition.
He said his whole career
is riding on it.
And well, he asked me
to help him out.
Yeah, then you
should support him.
I know that you'll
do a fantastic job.
[RINKO]
Okay. Thanks for
understanding.
There's not much of a choice.
It's the right thing
for her to do.
I mean, it means a lot
to him, and he asked her.
(Jingle)
Huh?
It's just another reason
why I love her so much.
[ICHINOSE, FLASHBACK]
She was meant for me!
She just doesn't know that
there are other guys out there
who are far better
suited for her!
(Cheering)
[DUDE 1]
Lookin' good, Nanako!
What the-?! Some yay-hoos
coming onto my woman!
Takeo! I think I'm gonna
need some backup over here,
big fella.
[KURIHARA]
Hey!
Huh?
You want something
from my girlfriend?
Uhhh...
Are you okay?
Oh! Goodness, my big man!
Thanks, babe.
Oooh, you're such
a tough guy.
So, like...
not having your lady around
kinda feels pretty weird, huh?
[NANAKO]
Totally.
Ms. Yamato...
I don't know if
I'm right for her.
Maybe someone else makes
more sense...
And maybe she just
hasn't realized it yet.
[NANAKO]
Of course you're right for her!
And she knows it.
Huh?
She knows who you are.
Rinko is not an idiot, you know!
She chose you, okay? You.
She never would have if
she wasn't sure about it.
Me. She chose me.
Even though he may have
more in common.
And he may be better at some
things that I could never do.
I don't... want to
lose her to anyone.
(Cheers and compliments)
So maybe I can only make
cookies so dry they taste
like rice crackers.
Do it, Takeo!
You got it!
She's all yours!
And maybe I can't talk with her
about the things she loves.
And I don't have some
fancy car. And I can't...
And I can't look her in the eye
and call her by her first name.
(Rinko giggling)
And maybe someday...
Maybe she'll look at me
and decide that she
needs someone else.
It's her life. She
can think for herself.
But for now, she's with me.
And I'll relish every moment
she smiles by my side.
Hm?
I will not let you have her.
Did you come all the way
here just to tell me that?
That's right.
And you think just by
telling me that I'll stop?
I guess not. But you
can't have her.
You don't stand a
chance challenging me!
It's not over yet, buddy!
[SUNA]
Wait, he's the one who's
challenging you here.
It's not the
other way around.
Yeah, you're right.
But whatever!
Bottom line is that we
both love Ms. Yamato.
Neither one of us
has the upper hand.
Well you can be a lot
more assertive, okay?
Well, how does Rinko
feel about this?
Does she even realize how
this guy feels about her.
Don't think she does.
And he's not your
typical guy, is he?
What do you mean?
Is it all right for her to
be all alone with him?
I mean really?
I don't know.
(Jingle)
[ICHINOSE]
I'm in agony. Nothing has
screamed "it's the one!"
But they're all
wonderful, Ichinose.
Yes, yes, of course.
But none of them feel worthy of
representing my artistic vision.
I'm not sure I'm
feeling it yet.
Well, you've gotta try!
I'll do whatever I can to help!
And I totally understand
what you mean by "feeling
it when it's right."
Hm.
Uh, well, great.
Then you can start with piping
out some merengue for me.
Thank you!
Huh?
Thanks for coming
along with me.
Don't worry
about it.
What are you doing here?
AHHHH!
Are you here to interfere
with me and Rinko?
No! I'm here to make sure
that when you two are alone
you don't try and
pull something.
I have never been so insulted!
I would never make such
advances before she has
professed her love to me!
Now go home! I have an
important competition and
I need to concentrate!
You mean that
snack-making contest?
The C'est Nouveau
Patissier Concours!
So you won't lay
a hand on her.
Of course not.
I'll follow decorum.
Okay then. I'll take
you at your word.
I am winning this
competition.
I'll win the gold and
confess my love to Rinko.
Ever since Rinko came here,
things have taken a turn for me.
My entire world has
changed due to her.
You may not realize it,
but Rinko Yamato is
destined to be my Muse.
And in the future, when I
open up my very own shop,
she will be by my side.
Taking the gold in
this competition is
but the first step!
[ICHINOSE]
I will never let you have her!
I hope that you do
well at the contest.
[SUNA]
Dude. What did you just say?
I know, but this guy works
really hard at what he does.
It means everything to him.
It's his whole life.
And it's not wrong of
me to support someone
who's following his dream.
I have my own
goals to reach.
Oh yeah? You want
a gold medal too?
Hmm...
I just want to say
her first name.
(Laughing)
What's so funny?!
"I hope you do well."
[TAKEO]
So, what's a "muse" anyway?
Looks like
you're having fun.
Let me see that
for a second.
(Impressed gasp)
That is remarkable!
I can't believe
it's a meringue!
Rinko.
Uh, before I met you...
I was alone.
And it hurt that no
one understood me.
I had become fixated on the
one time I didn't succeed.
I was bull-headed and stubborn.
I had forgotten my passion
for beautiful cakes
and making them my own.
And the joy it brought me
when someone bought one.
But now I see it.
Now I remember what it is
I love about what I do.
And it's because of you.
(Echoing)
You are my muse!
Uh-?! What?!
Tch...
Well, that's nice...
But well, Takeo...
y'know, my boyfriend...
he says your cookies
were like plastic!
(Aggravated grunt)
And he makes some pretty
unique cookies himself.
They were just like him:
bold and kinda loud.
(Gasp)
Rinko, that is it!
Personality! But of course
with a flavor that makes
someone come back for more.
It's gotta have impact...
I think I've got something!
I can do this!
[ICHINOSE]
Okay, it's getting late. Rinko,
you can go ahead and take off.
I'll stay here and try to make
this masterpiece happen.
Thank you. I'll see
you later then.
Rinko.
Huh?
After the competition,
we need to talk.
Oh?
Sure. Good luck tonight.
(Door squeaks)
[RINKO]
So you finished it!
I did!
They're gorgeous!
They are truly magnificent!
(Excited squeal)
I can take the gold with
this. I know I can.
I think you can
win it, too.
I can do it as long as I
have my muse by my side.
[ICHINOSE]
On the actual day of
the competition, I can't
ask for any assistance.
But will you be
there for me?
Of course I'll go
and support you!
[YUTAKA]
Oboobahdoobahdoo, Maki.
Alrighty, who's a
lovely lady?!
(Laughs)
Today is the day of
the snack contest...
If he confesses his
love to her, and she
feels something,
and starts to
sway his way...
(Doorbell)
Take, can you get that?
Oh, morning, Takeo!
Sorry I'm here so super early.
No, don't worry about it.
We're early risers around here.
I sent you a text or two,
but I never got anything back.
Oh, sorry! I think I might've
left my cell phone somewhere.
(Sigh)
What's wrong?
You know Ichinose...
his contest is today.
And he said once it's over
there's something he
wants to tell me.
I think he might be inviting
me to become a full-time
employee at the cake shop!
(Giggling)
I may be a little dense,
but she's got me on this one.
I mean, he told me
I've helped him remember
what it is he likes
about being a pastry chef!
You mean his muse?
(Gasp)
Yes, that's right!
How did you know that?
Uh, well, I dunno.
But I'm no muse.
I can't be! That's not me.
Too much pressure?
Yes! Totally!
I have no idea what to do!
Maybe he just feels
more confident when
you're around.
It's probably as
simple as that.
Maybe so. If that's it,
somehow it's not so stressful.
Nothing to worry about.
You always have a way
of calming me down
and making things better.
Well I should get going.
Thanks, Takeo!
(Gasp)
I love her... so much.
I don't want to
give her away.
I never want
to see her go.
I want her by my side.
Smiling... forever.
Um, hey, Takeo?
Good luck!
Win the blue ribbon!
(Giggle)
It's actually a
gold medal, Takeo.
Oh...
That time you didn't
really calm me down.
My heart is pounding.
[SUNA]
Wanna hit the beach?
(Waves crashing)
Hm...
You just gonna eat that?
Mm-hmm.
That's gotta hurt.
Yeah...
(Laughing)
What? What are you laughing at?!
I'm sorry, it's just
so fun to see you
acting like a normal person.
I've always been
a normal person!
Yeah, maybe sorta.
But now, your
confidence is shot.
You're worried and
obsessing over something.
Being jealous and
over-protective.
I'm actually glad I'm getting
to see this side of you.
But I'm sure you'll be fine.
I mean, come on...
Rinko Yamato loves
you to death.
Yeah, thanks, man.
(Suna laughs)
One day, when you
find a girlfriend,
I'm glad I have Suna.
and the two of you
are having trouble,
I'll make sure to laugh
in your face, too!
Oh yeah?
We'll see... Hahaha!
[RINKO]
Whoa, there are TV crews here?
Hmph. I'll be fine. I have
my Muse here to inspire me.
You're going to win
the championship!
Oh no, wait, I'm sorry!
I mean win the gold!
I shall win that golden award.
And I'll do it for you.
Huh? No, no, please
don't do it for me.
You need to win this
thing for yourself.
Hm?
Yes, whatever you say.
[RINKO]
So when it starts, I can't do
anything to help you, right?
Right.
Well is there something
I can do for you right
now before it gets going?
Let's see here. I'm
feeling pretty good, I'm
ready for the competition-
(Shocked gasp)
I think I forgot all my
tools back at the shop.
Huh?!
I was too focused on the
ingredients that I...
There's still some
time, but if I go,
I won't make it back..
And I can't tell the owner
just to drop everything
and bring it here!
I can't believe this.
It's over!
Pull yourself together!
There's gotta be a way!
You've been working so hard,
You can't give up now!
I have someone I can call who
always seems to come through
with things like this!
Uh!
Hello? Takeo?
Ms. Yamato? What's wrong?
Um, well, I'm at the
competition site right now,
and Ichinose forgot
all his equipment.
When's it start?!
10 o'clock.
Okay, that's in on hour!
Where are you?
At the Shuei Hotel!
What should he be looking for?
Uh... They're all in a
black case and it has my
name on the outside...
Okay, I got it!
I'll get there as fast as
I can! Don't you worry!
[RINKO]
Okay!
Alright! I'm on my way!
Right. I'll text you the
address of the competition.
Cool!
[ICHINOSE]
There's no way he's going to
show up.
[RINKO]
What?! Of course he will!
It's Takeo. You have
nothing to worry about.
(Scared gasps)
(Heavy breathing)
Uhhh...
I need the tools...
Ichinose... he left his
snack-making tools.
(All gasp)
Hang on a second! Here you go.
If he'd just called me,
I could have sent it to him.
He was probably too
worried about pulling
me away from the shop.
Oh. Here, lemme give
you money for a... taxi...
He said he was going to
help, but there's no way.
Hey, Suna! How are things going?
He's not going to help me
take Rinko away from him.
[SUNA]
Takeo's got all the stuff
and is headed your way.
So, he should be there soon.
Great! He's on the way!
Hm?!
(Crowd screams)
RAAARGH!
Takeo!
Huh?!
We're over here!
Did I make it in time?!
Yeah! Thank you so much!
Good luck in
the competition.
Uh, thank you.
[TAKEO]
You're welcome.
Ichinose, it's
starting any minute now!
Yes, okay.
Would you...
stay here as well?
I want you to see me win.
Right.
(Buzzer sounds)
[TAKEO]
He deserves to win.
I wish him luck.
[ICHINOSE]
Somehow, I have a feeling
he's actually rooting for me.
Is he an idiot?
Did he forget that after I take
the gold at this competition
I will confess to Rinko
my unbound love?
Uh! Hmm.
Okay, perhaps I don't
quite understand this
Neanderthal, but...
But he does seem to
be a... a good person.
AH!
YES!
(Crowd gasps)
That's it...
It's done!
(Buzzer sounds)
[ANNOUNCER]
Chefs, the time allotted
for your creations has expired.
We shall now commence
with the judging.
Look at that. All of them
are pretty impressive.
Oh, are you worried?
Kinda.
It'll be fine.
I'm sure Ichinose can do it.
Yeah!
You okay?
I gotta pee.
Uh...
[RINKO]
They're right by
the entrance!
[TAKEO]
Cool.
[SUNA]
Takeo.
Hey...
I wonder why the things
in life we feel the most...
can be so hard to see
and so hard to understand.
(Grunt)
HM!
All right, let's go!
Oh! Hey, Takeo!
They said they're announcing
the results in an hour!
Really? That's pretty quick.
Oh. You did a great
job out there.
[ICHINOSE]
Yeah.
I want to thank you...
There's no way
I could have done this
without your help.
Hm.
And though I appreciate
what you've done, it
doesn't change a thing.
I know.
Uh, Takeo? What's going on?
Nothing. Everything's fine.
Everything's just fine.
(Confused sigh)
[ANNOUNCER]
And now, for the two dishes
earning silver awards...
Shinya Suzuki and Hiroto Mikura.
(Applause)
[ANNOUNCER]
And the gold of the C'est
Nouveau Patissier Concours
goes to...
Koki Ichinose!
(Gasp)
(Crowd cheers)
[INTERVIEWER]
Congratulations! So tell us...
What inspired you to create
such a tremendous piece?
It's about personality.
And individuality.
Something that will
make an impression.
And most importantly,
it's about strength.
Both inside and out.
(Crowd cheers)
He did it.
He set his mind, worked hard,
and was successful for it.
[RINKO]
Congratulations!
That was really incredible!
I mean, you made it even better
than what I saw the other day!
You must be so proud!
Yes, I am. Which is why
I'm naming it after you.
Huh?
I present to you...
the golden award.
Rinko, I'm in love with you!
(GASP)
From this day forward,
I want you to be my muse.
And my muse alone.
Please, I ask you.
Rinko, will you be mine?
(Light gasp)
Uh! I'm sorry.
I mean, uh,
this is so sudden...
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato, it's okay.
No matter who you choose,
I will support you.
Even if you don't choose me.
But... please...
If you could... choose me.
Please...
I just want to see you smile.
I really want nothing
but the best for you...
And I'm always here for you.
Because I love and respect all
the things you create.
Uh!
But only one man has
captured my heart.
And without a doubt...
that man is Takeo Goda!
(Gasp)
[TAKEO]
That thing you feel the most
in your heart and your soul.
That thing you can't
quite understand...
It may feel like
it's not there.
It may feel like it
doesn't really exist.
But guess what...
it's there.
And sometimes, it's so there,
that you can just
reach out and grab it.
You love him, don't you?
Yes!
Um... and Ichinose.
I don't think I'm really cut
out to be your muse.
I'm just part-time.
The only reason you won
this competition today
is because you are great.
Your talent and your skill
Mm-hmm! Mm-hmm!
won that gold medal today.
And well, if I'm not fired, I'd
like to keep cooking with you!
Yes, of course.
Okay, then. I
entrust her to you.
Right.
[ICHINOSE]
Look at that...
I guess she does
love the big oaf.
I have underestimated
my foe.
Anyway...
I shall go on to make
the greatest cakes on Earth.
And make the world
a better place.
Well, see ya
later, guys.
See ya!
Suna! Thanks, man!
[RINKO]
Um, Takeo?
Did you know that
I would choose you?
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
Since when?
Um, for awhile now.
Oh!
Hmm...
[RINKO]
I feel so blind.
I had no idea how
Ichinose felt about me.
Or even... Or even know
what you were feeling.
I didn't see it...
I didn't see what you
were going through.
[TAKEO]
I just knew I didn't want to
give you to anyone else.
Ah?
Thank you for falling
in love with me...
Rinko.
(Gasp)
♪Closing song starts♪
[TAKEO]
I'll never forget her face.
When I called Ms. Yamato
by her first name.
(Awkward squeal)
Someday, I'll be
able to call you that
a little better, okay?
Okay.
Just gimme some time.
(Girls squealing over Suna)
(Boys squealing over Takeo)
Here's to yet
another year.
Yeah.
[MARIYA]
I had hoped to be in the
same class as my master...
[YUKIKA]
I'm in the class right
next to Sunakawa.
For me, this is an
excellent position!
Please, kind sir.
Uh... Thank you...
How many years
has it been?
Fourteen.
Whoa.
Hey, where ya goin?
Will you get away from me?!
[CUSTOMER]
Oh, and look! This one's
called a "Rinco." That's great!
(Amazed gasp)
It has the same
name as you, baby.
[ICHINOSE]
And it's pretty sweet, too.
Huh?
Anyone who eats it is guaranteed
a smile on their face.
It's my own special recipe.
[TAKEO]
Suna, I got out
of this without
screwing everything up.
But if I ever start
losing sight of things
and start acting like
a crazy person again...
I want you to punch
me in the face.
I'd probably just
break something.
(Stammering)
[BOY 1]
I just saw this guy!
He was like a freakin' bear!
(Suna laughs)
[BOY 2]
Oh, shut up! Whatever!
[BOY 1]
It's true! He was
like 8 feet tall!
He was like that ogre in
the story we read in class!
[RINKO]
Takeo!
Oh!
(Laughing)
[TAKEO] I may not be
able to see or explain
the things I
feel about her...
But those things I feel
aren't ever going away.
[TAKEO, RINKO, SUNA]
Thanks for watching, everybody!
[TAKEO]
I love her!
I Love Her.
ILOVEHER!
I... LOVE... HER!
I LOVE HER SO MUCH!